hello welcome to crucial mania in the
year when we give a Wrestlemania 24 I
was not going to do one or now I am and
you can all find the person called young
Jonah for that right now let's go on Oh
somebody yeah let's talk about the dog
box but 1 by k 1 but it's very happy
there yeah still perfectly on
WrestleMania book let's see bad told you
we didn't win but allow us move on
seminia and kicked off with john legend
John Legend that are thinking about with
a beautiful good performance sir then it
got to TGO Finley first much shopping
out bummer JBL where walnut so her
bought new things did happen mind the
much like a planar play whenever T&E
impact sign under room oh and if they
get anyone notice the best thing about
that matches just before JBL came out
there was a fun and a flag with an Aston
Villa punch on it oh yeah I say I have
children all I got after that right now
on to Winnie the bank match all so much
awesome things that made you jump up and
down like it was on my feet watch in it
so it wasn't that as a thought would be
CM Punk phone it'd be interesting to see
what he's gonna do with that now stare
at your body music got bit of my body
right and then horn things came out with
this good but i think i should do the
whole thing they right he did it
WrestleMania 21 with them when i was a
few music I think that's what he should
have done book so I go so his kids just
look just but like it or not sure wire
with lady from out stands up said by his
family enjoy hello but anyway here now
on to
well unless he was a bit of Snoop Dogg
let's just don't like slipped off so
I'll skip that before he showed up at
Easter beagle Margraff no surprise there
I knew that was gonna happen que bicho
Guerrero in nine seconds you happy new
ECW Champion quit much what suppose it
was ok that's ok deuce trouble my
decision you know then we had Raven
Symone is 50 kissin 50 states too well
let's just say they're not like you and
I but it's nice thing to do but not sure
why w/e had Raven there Raven Symone
from our kitchen let's see then you had
their last show Michaelson each player
there's no much shed one there did a
preview bed before leading to the match
share rarely showed wrestlers skin blue
on her up so whole thing somebody sorry
we're late people given her ruin ever I
she knew where Ric Flair lost and not
people expecting really lost Lester's
have been from out invisible man just
cut the house but didn't we pray Justin
the ring crying in the left and it was
very hard to show my just don't even
wrestlers it played in the best 30 years
i'm a bird seen him back in the early
nineties when he was in the duty really
have the forms in WCW I mean I his first
time you know the first time only left
him see do we could really anyway there
so then it was hard to do flame price
he's got fat Cissy I'd edge talk about
cooler or if I was hold a card hours for
this fully made a householder con what
to read out goes but it's not interested
fullest Snoop Dogg what the hell was he
doing all it seems to me he wasn't do is
just come down with a stupid golf carts
it now watch that she might bother
painting my phone when having him there
just to sit down at weakside what she
much do it look big yeah he put some
tear up the bat book anyway what I still
don't get right Ashley was put in place
of chemist Owen is it ready
poor air Mickie James it seems
interesting bit of that match was when
the lights went out yeah oh yeah I guess
can you please new job to kiss sir three
or whatever not interested or a defeat
you please just either I have shop not
shot it was nice much if it would be
even more shopped for however I did not
expect when going to ring the
interesting do that well then y'all
Floyd her body babe ever against the big
show where they beat Big Show who I said
war for the crowd boob dis beg pardon
what they went to rid their bull beep
Lisa police Big Show did do some things
to be rather one of the people who have
two big show of ravens where is actually
in westland you might be seen more
people anyway here he would be sure
these stuber's hat did something then
you had kid I have sex in a car and she
I'm starting in 10 seconds 30 4635 and
then I'm surprised him beg people in the
crowd stiffens up a vagina life now on
to the world so much would it take
abierta I was expecting them to win of
that inverted travel chase I've also
expected it depend on who everybody the
back to be odd to take it but I never
obviously important if die especially a
fool to drug deal and cigarettes not
happened so don't say came up with their
his old code what you all think between
1998 2000 doesn't take them Sir wearing
that so anyway on to take it there was a
good writer to take award yeah and then
he got done in the did is a usual were
pose of the title and wrestling went off
the air with it with fireworks go it off
and their belief or 40 people got hurt
in the cloud was served well so we want
the files of fire food go anywhere the
crowd 40 people did hurt two people out
there I'm worried about why thing like
ben-hur but both getting to that many
way WrestleMania Glee think of you
boom in you could have put a woman's
tight waterline that much not just
promote playboy those kids in the
audience's it's not really a funny show
mobile I joined it I can't wait till
next year in Houston maybe I might even
go to that but anyway this is me now
sign up goodbye do something year 24
with you and I just like this Russo by
looking where I was taking the people
close yet but I can't think of one so
see ya
you